these are my brothers tattoo and moja
and this is my mother
mama muta mama spent a lot of time
standing on termite mounds she can see
everything from up there
I like squeezing up next to her so I can
see all of the animals just look at all
those wildebeest every day we walk
through the long grass but I can't see a
thing I wish I was tall like mama at
least she can see above the grass Hey
look what we found
if I can just climb up there I'll get a
much better view Wow I can see a long
way from up here hey tattoo moja look a
whole family of elephants I am making a
Picasso I love being up high oh mama do
we have to go already
come on brothers Mama's leaving we'd
better catch up don't get left behind I
love climbing I was the only one to
climb right to the top Tata was a big
scaredy-cat but he's really good at
wrestling